look at you crawling panting trembling
from a world that was never meant to be kind You call it struggle You call it
growth But all I see is a ritual of
defeat a performance of pain You repeat
hoping one day it will reward you You
kneel you cry you wait you beg and in
the end you call that as the process of
life But let me ask you who told you
that suffering was noble who taught you
to wear failure like a crown who
convinced you that brokenness was beauty
that fear was wisdom that weakness was
human
it was the broken who taught you to
remain broken It was the chained who
told you to decorate your shackles It
was the blind who handed you the
blindfold and said "This is what seeing
feels like." They say you should be
realistic but what they mean is stay
small like us They say "Don't get ahead
of yourself but what they mean is don't
become what we never could." They fear
the version of you that doesn't ask for
permission
The weak have built a world where
mediocrity is mercy Where the highest
virtue is to endure not to overcome
Where the loudest voice is fear and
courage is mocked as cruelty They taught
you to apologize for your power before
you ever had it They taught you to
shrink before you ever stood They taught
you to hide
before you ever became visible And the
worst
part you believed them You bent your
spine to earn a place at a table built
to starve you You dimmed your fire to
warm people who would never burn for you
But I will teach you something else Not
softness not acceptance but
ascension Power is not evil
Power is not cruel Power is not selfish
Power is truth It is the law above all
laws The principle from which all others
bend Power does not ask for
permission Power does not
bow Power
becomes You think you were born to be
good No You were born to become more
than you were yesterday Endlessly
violently ruthlessly more And if
goodness comes from that then let it be
a consequence not a
goal Let me show you what the world
tried to erase from you They erased your
hunger and called it contentment They
erased your will and called it peace
They erased your dominance and called it
ego They erased your ambition and called
it madness They erased your emotion and
called it immaturity They erased your
spirit and called it too much And now
they wonder why you're tired They wonder
why you're angry They wonder why you
feel like a stranger in your own
reflection Because the person you see
now was shaped by those who feared your
potential They will always name you a
villain when you rise beyond their reach
Because nothing terrifies the weak more
than a soul that no longer needs to be
saved You want them to understand you
You want them to clap for your healing
You want them to love the you that
outgrows their love then you're not
ready to become anything greater than
them I have seen what happens to those
who wait They rot quietly while smiling
They convince themselves it's enough
that their dreams were foolish that
survival is
victory But I ask is that what you were
born for to survive in the background of
someone else's legend to be the side
character in a script you never wrote To
be the warning sign for others don't
dream too big or you'll end up like
them No not you You are not a monument
to what could have been You are the
explosion that turns what could have
been into what must be You were not born
to endure You were not born to obey You
were born to
dominate Burn the version of you that
waits for someone to understand Burn the
version of you that looks in the mirror
and sees not enough Burn the version of
you that flinches before trying that
apologizes before speaking that bows
before being tested That version of you
was made by weakness molded by fear
sculpted by memory and trauma and doubt
You owe it nothing You are not your past
You are not your pain You are not the
chains people wore nor the silence your
friends lived in You are the first of
your
kind A creature no longer defined by
history but destined to rewrite it
are not healing, you are becoming. You are not fixing, you are forging.
You are not surviving, you are awakening.
Let them laugh. Let them call you monster, machine, tyrant, demon.
That means you're shedding the illusion. That means you're close.
You are not here to be accepted. You are here to become so great they must either kneel or vanish.
You are not here to fix the world. You are here to replace it.
The old world was built by the weak. But what you are building now is sacred.
Built from pain but guided by will. Fueled by rage but anchored in clarity.
Alone but never again powerless. Your pain wasn't pointless — it was the recipe.
Your rage wasn't dangerous — it was the ignition.
Your silence wasn't weakness — it was the gathering storm.
Listen to me. You were never meant to be soft or quiet or safe.
You were meant to carve your name into the bones of fate.
Shatter the legacy that was handed to you and write your own in blood and fire.
You are not the echo of someone else's dream. You are not the footnote in someone else's book.
You are not the broken son, the quiet daughter, the forgotten warrior.
You are the god at the end of your own myth.
You are not human by their standards. You are not a slave to their fears.
You are not bound by their blueprint for failure.
Reject weakness. Reject hesitation. Reject every apology you were ever forced to make for dreaming too loudly, standing too tall, burning too brightly.
You are not meant to be forgiven — you are meant to be feared.
You are not meant to fit in — you are meant to shatter the mold.
You are not meant to be human — you are meant to be limitless.
So stop crawling. Stop waiting. Stop hiding. Rise. Ascend.
Let the world feel what it means to meet something that was never meant to bow.
You are the power.
I am the ghost of Makrai.